Add docs for Plaid Wallet Onboard (#1295)
maticnetwork/matic-docs: docs/develop/wallets/plaid-wallet-onboard.md

---
id: plaid-wallet-onboard

> title: Plaid Wallet Onboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: Plaid Wallet Onboard
```

> description: Easily connect your dApp to hundreds of self-custody wallets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Wallet Onboard allows your app to connect to hundreds of self-custody wallets, including browser plugin wallets, WalletConnect-compatible mobile wallets, and custom protocols or UX required by hybrid and hardware wallets.
```

> description: Easily connect your dApp to hundreds of self-custody wallets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Wallet Onboard allows you to easily connect your dApp to hundreds of self-custody wallets.
```

keywords:
  - wiki
  - polygon
  - wallet
  - dapp
  - integrate
  - guide
image: https://wiki.polygon.technology/img/polygon-wiki.png
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> **Plaid Wallet Onboard** lets you integrate multiple wallets such as Coinbase Wallet, Metamask, and more into your dApp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Plaid Wallet Onboard** allows your dApp to connect to hundreds of self-custody wallets, including browser plugin wallets, WalletConnect-compatible mobile wallets, and custom protocols or UX required by hybrid and hardware wallets. It's easier than ever to integrate Metamask, Coinbase Wallet, Rainbow, and more into your dApp.
```

> Wallet Onboard can be configured to automatically ensure users have their wallet setup to use Polygon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wallet Onboard can be configured to automatically ensure that users have their wallets set up to use the Polygon network.
```

<div align="center">
<img width="603" src={useBaseUrl("img/plaid-wallet-onboard/splash.png")} />
</div>

## Installation and Prerequisites

> Wallet Onboard can be used in any JavaScript web dApp, and there is a [React library](https://github.com/plaid/react-plaid-link#usage-with-wallet-onboard) for React applications as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wallet Onboard can be used in any JavaScript-based web dApp, and there is a [React library](https://github.com/plaid/react-plaid-link#usage-with-wallet-onboard) for ReactJS applications as well.
```

## Integrating with Polygon

Wallet Onboard returns an [EIP-1193](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1193) provider that your dApp can use to request the user’s addresses as well as signatures and transactions.

Here's a simple example of the code used to integrate Wallet Onboard on Polygon Mainnet in a vanilla JavaScript dApp:

```html
<script src="https://cdn.plaid.com/link/v2/stable/link-initialize.js"></script>

<script>
  const plaidWeb3 = await Plaid.web3();
  const handler = plaidWeb3.createEthereumOnboarding({
    // retrieve from Plaid Dashboard
    token: 'token-abc',
    chain: {
      rpcUrl: 'https://polygon-rpc.com/',
      chainId: '0x89',
    },
    onSuccess: async (provider) => {
      const accounts = await provider.request({ method: 'eth_accounts' });
    }
  });

  handler.open();
</script>
```

If a user connects their wallet and it is not using Polygon, Wallet Onboard will attempt to add or switch to Polygon automatically, or will instruct the user to switch.

<div align="center">
<img width="244" src={useBaseUrl("img/plaid-wallet-onboard/switch.png")} />
</div>

> For a complete overview of the configuration options and capabilities of Wallet Onboard, refer to [its docs](https://plaid.com/docs/wallet-onboard/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete overview of the configuration options and capabilities of Wallet Onboard, please refer to the [official Wallet Onboard documentation](https://plaid.com/docs/wallet-onboard/).
```
